Dear corrector,

Thank you for your correcting my manuscript. I believe the manuscript become
much nicer than before by your correction.

After I carefully read the corrected Si3N4.tex, I typed the correction into the
original Si3N4.tex, because there are some errors for the tex format. During my
typing I found a few parts which my English in the original manuscript could not
be interpreted as my intention; therefore I revised the parts in the present
Si3N4.tex, which are highlighted by blue. I also attach the pdf produced from
the present Si3N4.tex.  

Could you kindly check the revised parts and respond my related questions?

I would like to put my comments and questions below.

1) "those" in the first paragraph of the left column in  page 2 of Si3N4.pdf,
"that" was written in your corrected Si3N4.tex, instead. Because I compare
kappa_xx and kappa_zz after the semicolon, "those" seems adequate than "that".


2) Some words are added in the fourth paragraph of the left column in page 2.  I
intend that the validity of the present calculation is examined during the
comparison between the  present calculation results and the references. But you
interpret that after the validation, the present calculation results are
compared with the references. Some words are added in order to correctly
represent my original intention. 

3) Some words are added and "intuitively closed form" in the corrected Si3N4.tex
is modified as "closed form", in the first paragraph of the right column in page
2.  If the "intuitively closed form"  can be used to express that the closed
form is intuitively understood", then it is OK. But I can not judge this and add
some words to express the situation correctly. 

4) As for the "similar" in the third paragraph of the right column in page 3, I
meant that the degree of the differences in kappa for 300, 600, 900, 1200, and ,
1500 K calculated in the present study is similar to that reported on Si and Ge
by Ward et al.. I modify the representation for correct expression. 

5) In the fourth paragraph of the right column in page 3, I meant that kappa and
the thermal expansion originate from the anharmonicity of the interatomic
potential. I modify the representation to express this. 

6) In the first paragraph of section B, in page 5, I slightly modify my
description on the band diagrams which are compared with the previously
calculated band diagrams: I describe that selected parts of the band diagrams
are shown here and what we investigate here. I also describe that  the other
parts are not shown and what is the reason. 

7) As for the figure number in the appendix:
The figure number "FIG.X" is put in series during the tex compilation. I do not
know the tex syntax to express the number for supplemental number and thus do not
change the number as in the original Si3N4.tex, although your suggestion is
better. If you know the syntax, please tell it to me. 

 

